#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
accelerate==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-inference
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-client
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   omegaconf
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
appnope==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   outcome
    #   trio
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bs4
    #   unstructured
bs4==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   onnxruntime
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cryptography==45.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   unstructured-client
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pikepdf
effdet==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
emoji==2.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
executing==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
faiss-cpu==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   onnxruntime
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.0rc1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.169.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth==2.40.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud-vision==3.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-generativeai==0.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
hf-xet==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.31.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coloredlogs
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   yarl
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
joblib==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonpatch
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
langchain==0.3.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.24
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.59
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
langsmith==0.3.42
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
loguru==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pikepdf
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
    #   unstructured
markdown==3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotnine
    #   pycocotools
    #   unstructured-inference
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mizani==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotnine
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typing-inspect
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   unstructured-client
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   contourpy
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain-community
    #   matplotlib
    #   mizani
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   plotnine
    #   pycocotools
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   statsmodels
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
olefile==0.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-oxmsg
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   effdet
onnx==1.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-inference
onnxruntime==1.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-inference
opencv-python==4.11.0.86
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-inference
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pikepdf
    #   pytesseract
    #   statsmodels
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mizani
    #   plotnine
    #   statsmodels
    #   unstructured-inference
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
patsy==0.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   statsmodels
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pdfminer-six==20250506
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-inference
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pi-heif==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pikepdf==9.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pi-heif
    #   pikepdf
    #   pytesseract
    #   python-pptx
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
plotnine==0.13.6
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   ipykernel
    #   unstructured
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycocotools==2.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   effdet
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   unstructured-client
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pymupdf==1.26.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pypandoc==1.15
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
pypdf==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-client
pypdfium2==4.30.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-inference
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   urllib3
pytesseract==0.3.13
    # via -r requirements.in
pythainlp==5.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-iso639==2025.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-inference
python-oxmsg==0.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
python-pptx==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   omegaconf
    #   timm
    #   transformers
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
rapidfuzz==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   pythainlp
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mizani
    #   plotnine
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   statsmodels
    #   unstructured-inference
selenium==4.28.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sentence-transformers==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   html5lib
    #   langdetect
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
statsmodels==0.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotnine
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
timm==1.0.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   effdet
    #   unstructured-inference
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
torch==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   effdet
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-inference
torchvision==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   effdet
    #   timm
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
transformers==4.51.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
trio==0.28.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   selenium
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   langchain-core
    #   multidict
    #   onnx
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pypdf
    #   python-docx
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   python-pptx
    #   selenium
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   unstructured
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
unstructured==0.17.2
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
unstructured-inference==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-pytesseract==0.3.15
    # via -r requirements.in
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3[socks]==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   selenium
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   html5lib
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   selenium
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deprecated
    #   unstructured
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio-websocket
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
xlsxwriter==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-pptx
yarl==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
